project/README.md, before:

# GPS Project: The Hero in Four Worlds

## 📁 Project Structure

```
project/
└── docs/
    ├── GPS_Project_Documentation.tex   ← IEEE-style LaTeX documentation
    ├── GPS_Presentation.tex            ← Beamer presentation (Metropolis theme)
    ├── PPT_Structure.md                ← PowerPoint slide guide
    ├── pdf/                            ← Compiled PDF outputs
    └── images/                         ← AI-generated images
```

## 🔧 Compilation Commands

Navigate to the `project/docs` folder and run:

```bash
# Compile documentation
pdflatex -output-directory=pdf -interaction=nonstopmode GPS_Project_Documentation.tex

# Compile presentation
pdflatex -output-directory=pdf -interaction=nonstopmode GPS_Presentation.tex
```

**Note:** Run twice for cross-references to resolve correctly.

## 📋 Deliverables Checklist

### Documentation (20%)
- [x] Cover page completed
- [x] Introduction with theme, purpose, objectives
- [x] Tools overview (Seedream 4.5, Nano Banana, Flux-2 Pro)
- [x] Methodology with workflow and prompts
- [x] Results with hero composites in all 4 worlds
- [x] In-context editing comparison (Flux-2 vs Nano Banana)
- [x] Analysis & comparison of tools
- [x] Conclusions with lessons learned
- [x] References

### Beamer Presentation (20%)
- [x] 13 slides created (Metropolis theme)
- [x] Each slide has image + explanation
- [x] In-context editing comparisons included

### Technical Correctness (15%)
- [x] Seedream 4.5 used (backgrounds)
- [x] Nano Banana used (compositing)
- [x] Flux-2 Pro used (in-context editing)
- [x] All prompts documented

### Creativity (45%)
- [x] Consistent hero character designed
- [x] 4 distinct worlds created (Jungle, Medieval, Desert, Cyberpunk)
- [x] Visual story is compelling and cohesive

## 🔗 Tools Links

- **Seedream 4.5:** https://seed.bytedance.com/en/seedream4_5
- **Nano Banana (Gemini):** https://gemini.google.com/
- **Flux Kontext:** https://flux-context.org/
- **lovart.ai:** https://lovart.ai (free access to Seedream & Flux)

## ⏰ Deadline

- Week 14: January 20, 2026

Commit message:

Added Download Raw note and updated README quick-links

project/README.md, after:

# GPS Project: The Hero in Four Worlds

## 🚀 Quick Links
- [**Final Documentation PDF**](project/docs/pdf/GPS_Project_Documentation.pdf)
- [**Presentation Slides PDF**](project/docs/pdf/GPS_Presentation.pdf)
- [**Project Links PDF**](project/docs/pdf/Project_Links.pdf)

> [!TIP]
> **For the best viewing experience on GitHub:** Please click the **"Download raw file"** button when viewing the PDFs to see them in high resolution/original quality.


## 📁 Project Structure

```
project/
└── docs/
    ├── GPS_Project_Documentation.tex   ← IEEE-style LaTeX documentation
    ├── GPS_Presentation.tex            ← Beamer presentation (Metropolis theme)
    ├── PPT_Structure.md                ← PowerPoint slide guide
    ├── pdf/                            ← Compiled PDF outputs
    └── images/                         ← AI-generated images
```

## 🔧 Compilation Commands

Navigate to the `project/docs` folder and run:

```bash
# Compile documentation
pdflatex -output-directory=pdf -interaction=nonstopmode GPS_Project_Documentation.tex

# Compile presentation
pdflatex -output-directory=pdf -interaction=nonstopmode GPS_Presentation.tex
```

**Note:** Run twice for cross-references to resolve correctly.

## 📋 Deliverables Checklist

### Documentation (20%)
- [x] Cover page completed
- [x] Introduction with theme, purpose, objectives
- [x] Tools overview (Seedream 4.5, Nano Banana, Flux-2 Pro)
- [x] Methodology with workflow and prompts
- [x] Results with hero composites in all 4 worlds
- [x] In-context editing comparison (Flux-2 vs Nano Banana)
- [x] Analysis & comparison of tools
- [x] Conclusions with lessons learned
- [x] References

### Beamer Presentation (20%)
- [x] 13 slides created (Metropolis theme)
- [x] Each slide has image + explanation
- [x] In-context editing comparisons included

### Technical Correctness (15%)
- [x] Seedream 4.5 used (backgrounds)
- [x] Nano Banana used (compositing)
- [x] Flux-2 Pro used (in-context editing)
- [x] All prompts documented

### Creativity (45%)
- [x] Consistent hero character designed
- [x] 4 distinct worlds created (Jungle, Medieval, Desert, Cyberpunk)
- [x] Visual story is compelling and cohesive

## 🔗 Tools Links

- **Seedream 4.5:** https://seed.bytedance.com/en/seedream4_5
- **Nano Banana (Gemini):** https://gemini.google.com/
- **Flux Kontext:** https://flux-context.org/
- **lovart.ai:** https://lovart.ai (free access to Seedream & Flux)

## ⏰ Deadline

- Week 14: January 20, 2026
